Autodesk Privacy Statement
Effective date: January 1, 2023

Protecting your privacy is important to Autodesk. This Privacy Statement explains how Autodesk processes personal data collected through websites, products, and services (“applications”), including those distributed by our resellers and other channel partners, and through in-person and digital events, webinars, surveys, marketing activities, and visits to our premises (along with applications, collectively our “offerings”). References to “Autodesk,” “we,” or “our” means Autodesk, Inc. and other entities that belong to the Autodesk corporate family and that link to this Privacy Statement. A list of entities within the Autodesk corporate family can be found here.

We may display supplemental privacy notices on occasion, such as when we believe additional transparency would help you make an informed choice about whether to provide personal data. For example, you may see a supplemental privacy notice explaining a particular data collection program, or you may see a supplemental privacy notice when registering for an event.

This Privacy Statement describes how we process personal data for our own purposes. We also process personal data on behalf of our customers subject to a written contract. We do not control the data processing or protection practices of our customers, which may differ from those set out in this Privacy Statement.

“Personal data” is information that identifies, or can reasonably be linked directly or indirectly to, an identifiable person. Personal data does not include information that is anonymous, de-identified, or aggregated, as those terms may be defined under applicable law. For purposes of this Privacy Statement, “personal data” and “personal information” have the same meaning and are used interchangeably. 